To Emacs: This is a -*-text-*- file.

This list is not really sorted, but stuff higher up on the list will
tend to be completed earlier than stuff towards the end.  Additions?
Opinions?  Send 'em to me (d92-jwa@nada.kth.se).

. Merge the GNOME2 port:
  x Merge src/Makefile.am into something that works with both GNOME1
   and GNOME2.
  x Merge configure.in into something that works with both GNOME1
   and GNOME2.
  x Verify that both the GNOME1 and GNOME2 port build out of the box.
  x Verify that both the GNOME1 and GNOME2 port install out of the
   box.

. Create a screenshooting "port" of bubblemon.  This port should run
 without displaying anything for like five seconds, then save a PNG of
 the current picture in the current directory.  Its measurement
 implementations should return values appropriate for nice
 screenshots.  This should not be installable using "make install",
 but it should be built iff libpng can be found.

 The point of this exercise (except for getting nice screenshots)
 would be to improve the portability of the configure stuff.  Doing
 the port would probably resolve some of the configure.in cleanup
 stuff below.

. Clean up configure.in:
  x Prefix all GNOME specific test results with GNOME_.

  x Add a check for whether libgtop returns anything but zero for
   system load.

  x Add a summary at the end, listing the platforms to be built and
   excuses for platforms not built.  End with something like "Now do
   make ; make install".

. Translate the applet into every single language in existance.  If
 the applet doesn't show up in your favourite language even though
 other parts of your GNOME desktop does, read the TRANSLATIONS file
 for instructions on how to translate it.  This does not require any
 programming skills, and should be a both easy and useful way to
 improve the applet.

. If lots of memory is used, add the text "Process 4711 "mozilla" is
using 42Mb" to the tool tip.  The process mentioned should be the one
using the highest amount of memory.

. If lots of CPU is used, add the text "Process 4711 "mozilla" is
using 100% CPU" to the tool tip.  The process mentioned should be the
one using the largest amount of CPU.
 
. Add a "Legend" to the right mouse button menu.

. Add a pointer to where the FAQ is located to the About box.  Is this
 at all possible to do in some way that survives all different kinds
 of packaging formats?
